review1:We have been patronising Lian He Ben Ji the claypot rice shop for many years (actually since young).

There have been multiple reviews before mine that remarked on the long waiting time. That’s true, and waiting time can be 1.5hrs or even longer! To avoid disappointment, one can call the number on the Google review beforehand to book your claypot rice in advance, so you do not need to wait at the hawker centre for 1.5hrs straight. When it’s about your turn, just make payment and you’ll be served promptly.

We ordered these few dishes:
* Claypot rice for 2 pax
* Yao Choy (Oyster sauce vegetables)
* Old cucumber pork ribs soup

Lian He Ben Ji seems to be the rare case in which the taste of the claypot rice just gets better over time! The claypot rice is cooked to the extent that there’s a layer of crust at the side of the claypot; it looks charred and inedible but it isn’t and in fact crispy! Chicken was succulent, and the lup cheong adds to the flavours of the rice without too overpowering. The good thing about this shop is that you’re given your own dark soy sauce - you get to control how much soy sauce to add in yourself in accordance to your preference. Just remember to stir it well!

Oyster sauce vegetables were above average with a strong oyster sauce taste but not outstanding. The old cucumber pork ribs soup was pretty rich too for its price and serving!

We paid S$ 20.50 in total.

The auntie might sound a bit rude, but IMO it’s understandable given she has to manage so much orders and payments at the same time.

Will definitely drop by again if we are around the area!
review2:Reached just before opening hr at 3pm. Asked the staff and she said need to cook the rice, so serving is from 3.30pm tho can place order from 3pm.

Ordered chicken claypot rice with sausages. It was served piping hot, with oil and dark sauce in small jars separately. This is good as u can add your preferred qty. Claypot chicken is delicious with wok hei.
review3:We enjoyed a very hearty meal for two at this well established Claypot restaurant we had heard so much about. Absolutely 10/10 for the claypot rice flavours and textures. We really loved how succulent the meat was and how the lap cheong sausage and salted fish flavours embedded themselves in to the rice.
Well worth the wait for a classic Claypot meal in a nice corner spot of the food court. We also enjoyed the pork rib and watercress soup which complemented the burnt rice flavours really well. Plus, the family running it were super nice!
