review1:We have been patronising Zhong Guo La Mian Xiao Long Bao (ZGLMXLB) for a really long time now. Personally, we think that ZGLMXLB is one of the staples (and one of the most popular shops) in Chinatown hawker centre, so don’t be surprised to see a long queue!

We ordered:
* Xiao Long Bao (S$ 8)
* Guo Tie aka Potstickers (S$ 7.50)

The XLB was, in all honesty, heavenly. I have tried XLB in many other places including the ever-popular Din Tai Fung but honestly it is of a stark difference compared to the XLB served here. The soup within the XLB looks clear yet rich, the skin is thin and the meat does not have a “porky” smell (some does as the meat they used isn’t fresh).

The Guo Tie was equally solid as well - chives and pork comes in equal proportion without one overpowering one another. It’s very juicy too, and the pork doesn’t not have the “porky” taste too! The Guo Tie skin was thin, and it is pan-fried well without charring with a very crispy thin crust. It’s definitely one of the best Guo Tie I have eaten in Singapore!

If I were to nitpick, the slight disappointment is that the size of the XLB and Guo Tie has shrunk over the years. BUT what’s to our delight is that the quality of the taste has remained the same!
review2:Update:
Now only comes in 10 for $8.

Taste of broth is the GOAT but amount is just too little. Skin is great as always. I do like that now we can have the bigger plastic spoon rather than the smaller disposable one.

~~~~~~~~
Came at 3.20pm... still open lucky because they ot. Poor store owner. But super friendly and great service.

Got the usual xlb, 10 for $7 now. Free flow of ginger, vinegar and chili.

Silky thin skin and sweet porky broth which for some reason or another not my cup of tea. This taste nicer with a friend around. For 1 2one person is not quick enough to eat 10 before the pork suck up the broth so having two persons you will be quick enough to eat it while it is still soupy so that u can suck it all up.

Nice and sweet broth but I don't like that porky taste.
review3:The best value you’re gonna get for Dim Sum anywhere in Singapore! We ordered Xiao Long Bao, Sichuan Sauce Dumpling and Pan Fried Dumplings and they were all delicious and super budget friendly (since it’s located in a Hawker center).
The stall was very noticeable since the line was super long - we waited around 20mins but it was all worth it.
Fresh ingredients, top-notched seasonings, and cheap (approx. 7 SGD each dish)
Highly recommend!
